# 1
Q: What are the required components of an HTTP request? What are the additional optional components?
A: The required components of an HTTP request include the method, path, query parameters, headers, and body of the request. I am not so sure what are the additional optional components. PARTIALLY CORRECT

Official Solution:
The HTTP method and the path are required. They form part of what is known as the start-line or request-line. As of HTTP 1.0, the HTTP version also forms part of the request-line. The `Host` heeader is a required component since HTTP 1.1.

Parameters, all other headers, and message body are optional.

Technically speaking, the 'path' portion of the request-line is known as the 'request-URI', and it incorporates the actual path to the resource and the optional parameters if present. In practice, most people simply refer to this part of the request-line as the 'path'.

Notes:
The **Request-Line** is the very first line of the block of text that is the HTTP request. It tells the server exactly what the client wants to do. It follows the standard format: `Method` + `Path` + `HTTP Version`.

An example is the request-line of a request to `google.com/maps` is `GET /maps HTTP/1.1`, the components of which are the method, path, and version.

The **start-line** is just a generic, umbrella term for "the first line of an HTTP message". If the message is a request, the start-line is technically a Request-Line; whereas if the message is a response, the start-line is technically a Status-Line.

# 2
Q: What are the required components of an HTTP response? What are the additional optional components?
A: The required components of an HTTP response include the status code, type, and the body of the response. I am not so sure what are the additional optional components. PARTIALLY CORRECT

Official Solution:
A status line with a status code is required. Headers and body are optional.

# 3
Q: What determines whether a request should use `GET` or `POST` as its HTTP method?
A: It depends on th purpose of the request. The typical request uses the `GET` method, the purpose of which is to request certain resource from the server. On the other hand, if a client wants to send certain information to the server, the request would use the `POST` method instead.

Official Solution:
`GET` requests should only retrieve content from the server. They can generally be thought of as "read only" operations. However, there are some subtle exceptions to this rule. (For example, consider a webpage that tracks how many times it is viewed. `GET` is still appropriate here because the main content of the page does not change.)

`POST` requests involve changing values that are stored on the server. Most HTML forms that submit their values will use `POST`. Search forms are a notable exception to this rule: they often use `GET` because they are not changing any data on the server and only viewing it.